Next:
submit back qtgo/CMakeLists.txt

TODO:
9 Remember the state machine wrote in the the second university year at formal languages; replace the current ConnMan one
7 Show move numbers
8 Maybe show a moves tree with undo and sutff.
v 1 Use genmove for playing against the computer. Also look at other functions in the file for computing the score.
v 2 Make choosing the AI level work.
v 3 Make pass work.
v 4 Provide undo.
v 5 Highlight last move! Low quality but works.
v 6 Make hint work - works very very nicely

2. Give feedback that the computer is currently calculating and block interaction while computing.
    ? - introduced a timer to reject clicks; not very needed after introducing AIThread. There may still be situations when a wrong click could be performed.
    v - change background colour as a very easy fix
    v - added a new icon for the type of player
    v - confirm button when stopping and other actions that might be triggered by mistake, especially on phone.
    - when computing the final score (ex. after two passes) the window is static and there's no option to finish without computing the score

3. Save current game.
    v - introduced basic loading of a saved game
    v - load player types
    v - when the one to move was the computer we should ask the user to resume
    v - continuing does not work on Android
    v - push loaded settings from table to settings widget

3.1 Android UI
    v - remove top menu
      - immersive mode - fuck it for now, too difficult
    v - confirmation button
      - confirmation button for pass and undo also
    v - add player colour to the confirmation button
      - make the feedback circle more obvious (a large finger on a touchscreen); an intersection of lines is also a solution I saw in some programs
      - double tap
    v - disable portrait layout; done from xml, no other solution for now
      - make sidebar hideable
      - triggering the AI menu during play may make the menu not fit on the screen.
      - write Save and Open game dialogs that are usable on Android

4. Correct score computation.

5. Learn about Komi and and options.
    - move the handicap button to the bottom, like semi statusbar.

v 6. AI should be selectable.

7. Play over ethernet.

v 8. Protect calls to GnuGo. Making multiple calls will crash it. Ex: press the compute score button while computing the next move.

9. Allow undo to restart a finished game.

v 10. Add sounds.

11. Fix compiler flags, organise everything in the top script.

12. Options:
v Sounds - default
v Choose table colour -> colourpicker


How-to:
1. Omit a file from commit:
git update-index --assume-unchanged path/to/file.txt
git commit -a -m "This is my commit messages"
git update-index --no-assume-unchanged path/to/file.txt


Bugs:
18. Transitioning to small screen optimisations may deadlock a computer vs computer game. Probably due to some slot problems.
16. When there are no hints to give, there is not indication of the situation
5. With Sony Xperia the radio buttons don't show what's selected, although they seem to work. Seems like a Qt bug, won't fix now.
8. If the last move in a game was an undo, restoring the game will be wrong.
9. Undoing won't correctly show the last move.
10. Crash when pressing finish in an AI vs AI game, because PlaceStone will continue to trigger AI moves.
12. At the end of the game the AI stone animation does not stop.
17. Opening a game where the computer is the one to finish by passing, the state of the game is incorrect, and the computer is shown as doing computations.
1. The compilation says: warning, failure to find engine/liberty.h
v 2. After finishing the game the current player type icon is wrong.
v 3. LG G3 fonts are too big, everything looks messy. Fixed player info, nothing about font size yet.
v 4. When finishing the game the current player might reported wrongly: close the program on computer's turn, reload, press finish instead of continuing.
v 6. At startup table size is not the one selected by buttons.
v 7. Not showing the last move when loading a saved game.
v 13. Not differentiating well between two local human players.
v 14. After loading a game of size 9 and starting to play, GnuGo will actually assume table size of 19.
v 15. With the new numbering arangement, the DrawArea does not go through the size computation logic when changing table dimension.
v 11. Undo after pass undoes the last valid move, not the pass.


Crt:
9. Bug 16

v 8. At game end transition back to full interface.
? 6. Increase the size of the main menus. Don't know how.
? 7. For the column number choose a fat font. Will not do probably
v 1. Add handicap and komi, show estimates will default to false after each match.
x 2. Maybe push qtcurve changes to the local trunk.
x 3. For qtcurve install: libqt5x11extras5-dev, qtbase5-private-dev
v 4. Don't mix saves with settings.
v 5. Write a small help page.



Bugs to Qt Android:
1. dialog.setWindowState(Qt::WindowFullScreen); makes the window not fit the screen.
2. cannot correctly initialise QML window over the main software window.
3. hide() and then show() on QQuickWidget creates garbage on the screen.
4. Sony Xperia Z theme - radio buttons don't show the selected option.
5. Set stylesheed with alignment to QPushButton and it will duplicate the text.
